Added Cloudflare Turnstile links (#2357)
Islandora-CLAW/islandora: docs/user-documentation/extending.md

A tool for automatically submitting the contents of your site to Archive.org. The Wayback Submit module will submit all node types on schedule, according to criteria set by the site admin (only certain node types, only certain views, etc).

> #### Implementing Cloudflare Turnstile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Adding anti-bot protection to your site
```

[Turnstile](https://www.cloudflare.com/application-services/products/turnstile/)

Turnstile provides an alternative to Captchas for filtering out bot traffic.

> Turnstile can be implemented via a [Drupal module](https://www.drupal.org/project/turnstile_protect) or, for sites using Docker, as a [Traefik plugin](https://github.com/libops/captcha-protect).

Reviewer: I'd suggest we add the traefik plugin first, as it's the more performant solution of the two.

```suggestion
For sites using ISLE Docker, a traefik plugin -- [captcha-protect](https://github.com/libops/captcha-protect) -- can be added to your drupal service. The plugin supports adding turnstile, recaptcha, or hcaptcha to your site to filter out bad bot traffic.

If you're not using Docker/traefik, Turnstile can be added for anti-bot protection via a Drupal module [drupal/turnstile_protect](https://www.drupal.org/project/turnstile_protect)
```
